# Way of Working
Our teams way-of-working has gone through the first 3 stages and we would like to think that we are in the process of moving from stage 4 to stage 5. In the beginning of the project the team discussed on what principles and constraints to following in order for us to be able to work successfully with each other. Since no one had any major experience to go off we made a plan based on the discussion of everybody's suggestions of what would be considered a good "way of working". We divided up initial work and decided how each member goes about doing their work. From there we moved on to stage two, in which we found ourselves when we were about to start working. We decided more concretely to use GIT, GITHUB Actions to get ahead and used to CI for Assignment #2, and how one goes about making changes to the repo. At the point were we started to implement the structure of the program and the LIC'S we would have been in stage 3, since the way of working was still new and mistakes could be made. But the team was strict and kept reminding everybody to follow the constraints if something had not been done right. And somewhere along the line to where we are now we went from them being "Used" to "In Place". The way of working is still new and maybe not engraved into our bones, but everybody is reeping the rewards from us working the way we agreed to. To reach stage 5 in which the way of working is "Working well", we think we just need to continue doing what we are doing and staying engaged in the assignment.  